support override-stack & excluded stacks (#8)
keboola/helm-image-updater: README.md

- `DRY_RUN`: Whether to perform a dry run (default: "false")
- `MULTI_STAGE`: Enable multi-stage deployment (default: "false")
- `TARGET_PATH`: Path to the directory containing the stacks (default: ".")

> - `OVERRIDE_STACK`: Stack ID to override normal selection logic (default: None)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `OVERRIDE_STACK`: Stack ID to explicitly target for the update, bypassing automatic stack selection (default: None)
```
